[docs] Add note about translations to Contributing Guide, plus general copy editing (#39190)
mui/material-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to MUI

If you're reading this, you're awesome!

> Thank you for being a part of the MUI community and helping us make this project great.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for being a part of the MUI community and helping us make these projects great.
```

Maybe plural here to refer to all Core products instead of Material UI?

These issues are great for developers who want to reduce their chances of falling down a rabbit hole in search of a solution.

Of course, you can work on any other issue you like—the "good first" and "good to take" issues are simply those where the scope and timeline may be better defined.
Pull requests for other issues, or completely novel problems, may take a bit longer to review if they don't fit into our current development cycle.

If you decide to fix an issue, please make sure to check the comment thread in case somebody is already working on a fix.
If nobody is working on it at the moment, please leave a comment stating that you've started to work on it, so other people don't accidentally duplicate your effort.

If somebody claims an issue but doesn't follow up after more than a week, it's fine to take over, but you should still leave a comment.
If there has been no activity on the issue for 7 to 14 days, then it's safe to assume that nobody is working on it.

## Sending a pull request

> MUI is a community project, so pull requests are always welcome, but before working on a large change, it's best to open an issue first to discuss it with the maintainers.

Reviewer: Referring to MUI as a project sounds the same to me as "Material UI is a community project". Maybe we can expand the scope here to mention all the Core family of projects/products (and which one, out of these two, should we use, by the way? 🤔)

```suggestion
MUI Core projects are community-led, so pull requests are always welcome, but before working on a large change, it's best to open an issue first to discuss it with the maintainers.
```

Could also be, maybe:

```suggestion
MUI Core projects are community-driven, so pull requests are always welcome, but before working on a large change, it's best to open an issue first to discuss it with the maintainers.
```

git checkout -b my-topic-branch
```

6. Make changes, commit, and push to your fork:

```bash
git push -u origin HEAD
```

7. Go to [the repository](https://github.com/mui/material-ui) and open a pull request.

The core team actively monitors for new pull requests.
We will review your PR and either merge it, request changes to it, or close it with an explanation.

### Trying changes on the documentation site

> The documentation site is built with MUI and contains examples of all of the components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation site is built with Material UI and contains examples of all of the components.
```

👀 🙈 🫣 (at least the way I'm reading it, it also sounds like this sentence is _just_ referring to Material UI)

Author: Good catch!

- `yarn eslint` runs the linting rules.

When you submit a PR, these checks are run again by our continuous integration tools, but hopefully your code is already clean!

## How to add a new demo to the documentation

The following steps explain how to add a new demo to the docs using the Button component as an example:

### 1. Add a new component file to the directory

Add the new file to the component's corresponding directory...

```bash
docs/src/pages/components/buttons/
```

...and give it a name: how about `SuperButtons.tsx`?

### 2. Write the demo code

MUI Core uses TypeScript to document our components.
We prefer demos written in TS (using the `.tsx` file format).

After creating a TypeScript demo, run `yarn docs:typescript:formatted` to automatically create the JavaScript version, which is also required.

If you're not familiar with TypeScript, you can write the demo in JavaScript, and a core contributor may help you migrate it to TS.

### 3. Edit the page's Markdown file

The Markdown file in the component's respective folder—in this case, `/buttons/buttons.md`—is the source of content for the document.
Any changes you make there will be reflected on the website.

> Note that you should only edit the English version of this doc—do not edit `buttons-pt.md` or `buttons-zh.md`.

Reviewer: I think all available `*-pt` and `*-zh` will be gone with https://github.com/mui/material-ui/pull/39221 — so, do we need to mention them if they don't exist? 🤔

Author: Good catch - I missed this on the latest draft!

### Coding style

Please follow the coding style of the project.

> MUI uses prettier and eslint, so if possible, enable linting in your editor to get real-time feedback.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MUI Core projects use prettier and eslint, so if possible, enable linting in your editor to get real-time feedback.
```

Same reasoning as above! Wdyt?
